Update dev document for DSR (#1450)
shopware/docs: products/digital-sales-rooms/saas/index.md

---
nav:
  title: SaaS
  position: 50

---

> # Digital Sales Rooms with SaaS
> If you are Beyond merchant and using SaaS, the Digital Sales Rooms plugin was installed in your SaaS instance. So, you should see the Digital Sales Rooms section in Marketing menu item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Digital Sales Rooms with SaaS

If you are a Beyond merchant and are using SaaS, the *Digital Sales Rooms* plugin is installed in your SaaS instance. So, you should see the *Digital Sales Rooms* section in the Marketing menu item.
```

> However, there are some stuffs need to complete the whole project:

Reviewer: what does complete whole project mean?

Author: it means making the DSR works with SaaS completely.
